hey whats up guys this is just
incredible I want to show you how to
download any song I mean any song onto
your iPod iPhone iPad as long as it is a
jailbroken idevice I repeat your iDevice
must be jailbroken I and you must have D
tools installed if you don't know what
I'm talking about please do not send me
any questions go check youtube videos
elsewhere on the subject but like I said
your iDevice must be jailbroken please
have dtunes installed you can get any
song you want i'm not talking about be
mp3 or whatever they got loaded on
the phone sometimes I want to remix
sometimes they don't have what I want
it's too old of a song i'm going to show
you guys ok i found this by accident i'm
on my iPad right now I'm sorry for the
quality and recording the video on my
iphone 4 will slide we'll start out now
what we want to do is we want to go to
youtube ok type in whatever song you
want type in anything you want my screen
already popped up and you know what i'm
going to go with the first available
here which is trina single again remix
little Wayne Rick Ross must be a hot
song 2 million views ok let's watch that
ok there we go it's on let's minimize
that let's click it let's go to the
share button ok now what I want to do is
I want to copy that link
select it copy it great score go back to
my screen and now what I want to look
for is that icon right there it's a
website I suggest you go to it as you
can see it's video two MP 3.net go to
that website save it as an icon on your
screen now what you do enter the URL or
it will paste it standard quality high
quality I did it really don't matter it
sounds the same convert checking video
link it's not going to download the
video just a song it's making a song
into an mp3 you could do the same
on your guys's computers windows mac
don't make a difference but if your
iDevice is jailbroken you could do it
here as well click here to convert the
file we're going to click it sometimes
they'll throw a little ad in there
something bypass it wait 20 seconds or
click here I don't know why they got the
20 seconds I just always click great
boom our dtunes downloader came up all
we do is download
wow this one is downloading kind of slow
too usually they jump up the to 300 real
fast but all in all I you could get
anything you want as long as it's on
YouTube you will get what you want and
the best part throw it back on to your
Mac or your Windows PC and make it a
ringtone that I'll do what you want
but you will have that special song that
you couldn't find taking minutes and
time out of your life maybe hours trying
to find on the b mp3 or those other
sites you know YouTube God's it
for sure
almost done almost getting there okay
download is complete we will get out of
this I will go to my D tubes and the
song was uh what was it Trina okay
single again by Trina let's see Trina
single again remix right there let's see
yeah that's it so there you guys go hope
you guys enjoy remember that website
video two MP 3.net and support
jailbroken devices peace out guys